README.md, before:

# Dynamic-DJ-Fall-2014-
Arduino project using an MP3 Shield and accelerometers to control music settings.

# Introduction
Music should not only be controlled by buttons on a screen, music is about motion and should be controlled by motion as well. The purpose of this project is to create a wearable music playing device that allows the user to adjust settings of music using their hands. This technology can be used by dancers who want to be able to change their music they are listening to without having to get their music player out of their pocket or pause their dancing. The Dynamic DJ will read input from the user’s hands and given a certain combination of motions, the settings of the music will be changed accordingly.

# Explanation of Contents
SFEMP3Shield: Library used to manipulate music on SD card through MP3 Shield

SFE_MMA8452Q: Library used to initialize and get information from accelerometers

AccelerometerCode3.ino: Arduino code for sensing accelerometer movement

DDJ.ino: Arduino code that plays music and changes settings based on accelerometer movement

Demo.pptx: Powepoint demonstrating final functionality of the project

DynamicDJReport.docx: Documented report of project and process throughout the semester

FilePlayer.ino: Arduino code that plays music, modified in order to change settings based on accelerometer movement

LibraryChanges.docx: Highlights changes in pre-existing libraries used

PartsandBudget.xlsx: Spreadsheet of parts needed for the project and the costs associated

ProjectProposal.docx: Document proposing project at the beginning of the semester

Outline.docx: Document outlining report (DynamicDJ_report.docx)

Commit message:

Add Group Members and date disclosure

README.md, after:

Project completed throughout the fall semester of 2014, but added to GitHub January 9, 2016. Contributions are not accurately portrayed because GitHub was not used during initial work on the project.

# Dynamic-DJ-Fall-2014-
Arduino project using an MP3 Shield and accelerometers to control music settings.

# Group Members
Hessen Alahmed

Guadalupe Avalos

Gavin Frausto

Flor Gordivas

Rachel Lewis

# Introduction
Music should not only be controlled by buttons on a screen, music is about motion and should be controlled by motion as well. The purpose of this project is to create a wearable music playing device that allows the user to adjust settings of music using their hands. This technology can be used by dancers who want to be able to change their music they are listening to without having to get their music player out of their pocket or pause their dancing. The Dynamic DJ will read input from the user’s hands and given a certain combination of motions, the settings of the music will be changed accordingly.

# Explanation of Contents
SFEMP3Shield: Library used to manipulate music on SD card through MP3 Shield

SFE_MMA8452Q: Library used to initialize and get information from accelerometers

AccelerometerCode3.ino: Arduino code for sensing accelerometer movement

DDJ.ino: Arduino code that plays music and changes settings based on accelerometer movement

Demo.pptx: Powepoint demonstrating final functionality of the project

DynamicDJReport.docx: Documented report of project and process throughout the semester

FilePlayer.ino: Arduino code that plays music, modified in order to change settings based on accelerometer movement

LibraryChanges.docx: Highlights changes in pre-existing libraries used

PartsandBudget.xlsx: Spreadsheet of parts needed for the project and the costs associated

ProjectProposal.docx: Document proposing project at the beginning of the semester

Outline.docx: Document outlining report (DynamicDJ_report.docx)
